create database Handicrafts;
use Handicrafts;

create table admin (
Id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
email varchar(200),
name varchar (50),
password varchar (30)
);


create table user (
Id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
Name varchar (50),
Email varchar(150),
phone varchar(50)
);

create table category( 
Id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
category_name varchar(300)
);

insert into category values 
(1,'wood'),
(2,'Iron'),
(3,'Glass'),
(4,'Aluminium'),
(5,'Brass'),
(6,'Decorative')
;

create table product( 
Id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
Category_id int ,
Title varchar(350) ,
Image varchar(500),
Description text,
FOREIGN KEY (Category_id) REFERENCES category(Id)
);



insert into product(Category_id,Title,Image,Description) values
	(1,'Trac wooden','1.png','The Movement of Smoking Pipes or Smoking Cigars has become a movement in the last 2-3 years. Many enthusiasts have had the predestined fate to become Pipe Hovers with the sole purpose of giving to friends in the world or sometimes just want to make a lot of Cai Tau by themselves for collection. Currently on the pipe market, there are many imported products with high prices. In recent years, Vietnamese craft village products are made of precious woods, covered with copper and ivory, but the quality is not inferior. What foreign products. Pipe enthusiasts can visit Fine Arts Corner to find the   best Vietnamese craft pipe products.'),
	(1,'incense wooden','2.jpg','The tea tray has a rectangular shape, made from high quality standard grade 1 incense wood. The highlight is the patterns and textures that are delicately carved by the artisan, sophisticated to every corner combined with brown color. Simple, rustic wood brings a simple, traditional but delicate and luxurious beauty In particular, the wooden tray is covered with an outer layer of varnish to create a beautiful shine with anti-termite ability, protecting the beauty and quality of the tray for a long time.'),
	(1,'High-grade pink mussel shell inlaid pen','3.jpg','High quality pink mussel shell inlaid pen is a meaningful feng shui gift for partners, colleagues, teachers, partners or relatives. The nib is easy to replace with just a simple operation. The pen has a natural mother-of-pearl luster, safe for health, does not change color, does not mold over time. To produce a perfect pen, it must go through many stages under the hands of a long-time artisan.Pearl inlaid pen was born as a result of the process of hard work and creativity. At each stage, we will feel the talented and skillful hands of the artisan.'),
	(1,'wooden boat model','4.jpg','Our Enterprise Yacht model is scratched built plank on frame by skillful and creative master craftsmen. Strip by strip of mahogany and teak were put together. It was built according to scale through original plans, pictures and drawings. The hull is truly beautiful; It was carefully put together using the best material to create a smooth surface on both sides. On the yacht, you can easily locate gorgeous wooden parts and ornaments such as: wooden mast, wooden boom, wooden bunkers, front and main sails with detailed stitching, wooden pole and metal steering, metal railing, and many more. We only use high quality wood and metal to build the model, absolutely no plastic parts. This beautiful model is rested on a painted solid wooden stand. To enhanced value and recognition, a shiny metal plate embedded with “Enterprise 1930” is provided. The masts are fold flat down for shipping purpose. Assembly in minutes.'),
	(1,'wooden flowerpot','5.jpg','welcome to everthinggooddown.ph Wood Wooden Round Barrel Planter Flower Pots Home 100% Brand new and high qualityPerfect decoration for your room,fairy gardenPerfect gift for office, home, shopping mart, hotel, bar, balcony garden, home gardening decorationsAvailable colors: Brown.Material: Carbonized woodSize: Approx.10x12x9cm/3.9x4.7x3.5inch(height*max diameter*min diameter)Package Included: 1 pc  Wood Flower Pot (It is not including the flower)Because of the size measurements are handmade, so there may be 0.1-0.5 inch error.Please understand because of the light irradiation or computer display difference, so I  can?t guarantee photos and real color is 100% the same.#Planter #Home #Wood #Round #Barrel #Wooden #Pots #Flower #Wooden-Round #Pots-Home #Barrel-Planter #Wood-Wooden #Planter-Flower #Round-Barrel #Flower-Pots #Wooden-Round-Barrel #Barrel-Planter-Flower #Flower-Pots-Home '),
	(1,'Thap Dieu Quan Mai','6.jpg','Falling apricots also has another beautiful name, collapsing ten birds with apricots.Thap Dieu Quan Mai perforated vip set with 100% golden rosewood has been completed by the craftsman with the final spray painting step, ready to come to Uncle Doanh family in Hoa Binh in the next 2 days. Uncle Doan looked at the samples of the collapse of Thanh Tung factory on the web and linked the model of the shell collapse. After we consulted and sent him a few more reference pictures via zalo, he closed a set to buy for a new home. Thanh Tung Furniture Thank you for this trust and choice! Wishing you and your family good health, happiness and prosperity!'),
	(1,'Luc Binh (Loc Binh) ','7.jpg','The pair of Luc Binh is meticulously sculpted by artisans on each rare and precious stone incense wood. This wood line is highly appreciated by experts for the excellent quality and color of each wood grain. Besides the veins and colors are evenly and beautifully distributed, Red Rosewood also stands out with its mild fragrance. Thanks to the faint fragrance of the wood, it gives us a pleasant feeling. The scent is just enough, not too strong or too harsh, it also helps to reduce stress and fatigue after hard working hours; At the same time, the spirit will always be comfortable and create positive energies for the new day. With a height of 70cm for the pair of hyacinths, we can easily place them in places like the living room or the store to help enhance the elegance of the whole room. Your room will have a flawless beauty, beautiful without being rough.'),
	(1,'EUROPEAN WOODEN bowl','8.jpg','An original shaped bowl made in Japan. They are designed to blend into a variety of scenes and lifestyles. The design is universal, timeless, and focused on what is really needed. The transparent coating with a smooth texture preserves the texture of natural materials, applying the exclusive technology of Japanese artisans. Copy. The coating used is also made in Japan and meets food hygiene and safety standards.'),
	(2,'DeepCraft Handpainted','9.jpg','Due to the COVID situation, your order may take longer to arrive to you. If you would like a tracking number for your order, please ensure you upgrade your delivery when you checkout. The standard delivery option is  Mail  (2-4 business day)Please feel free to ask any questions. I am happy to help.Metal Wall Art Lady Musician Set, Wall Hanging, Home Décor, Luxury Style Housewarming Gifts'),
    (2,'Garden Iron Handicraft ','10.jpg','Handicraft decoration: handicrafts are handmade by skilled craftsmen, and they are also a perfect gift for your friends and family. Garden ornaments accessories: a great addition to your garden. it can be used as a decoration for gardens, fences, porches, terraces, etc. Versatile occasion: this sculpture is suitable for indoor and outdoor use. it can be placed on the terrace, garden, lawn, porch, etc. Durable structure: made of high-quality iron, the crane is durable and not easy to deform. it can be used for a long time. Really cute: the crane is a great addition to your garden. it also a perfect gift for friends and family. Recommended seller: it is the best seller in the industry. we have been researching for high-quality wall decors, which are very popular among web celebrities. if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us and we will solve them as soon as possible. '),
    (2,'Rajasthani Musician Set','11.jpg','This Set of 4 Women Musician Doll or Lady is perfectly suitable for Gifting your loved ones Maple Craft Handcrafted Idols showpiece is made of Iron material. This has been made by the combination of contemporary and traditional methods. This is very attractive and has an elegant look, beautifully painted and makes your home look beautiful and attractive. Not only this is used to home décor but this is also used for gifting purpose. So, it can be a perfect gift on any occasion to your familiar, friends, teachers, guests.'),
    (2,'Couple Metal','12.jpg','Beautiful and unique room decorations with the image of a loving couple in love. Couple Statue has a close, simple beauty of the nostalgic Nordic style of the 18th and 19th centuries. It a beautiful moment when a boy and girl are about to give each other a romantic kiss. Decor. Decorate living room, bedroom beautiful and unique Boys and girls with an elegant and tasteful style. The couple statue is designed to sit and date on a chiffon scarf bent into the shape of a heart. The chiffon scarf is as a proof of the couple love.The love couple decoration statue with sweet moments, with a passionate kiss will make your space become romantic and cozy.'),
    (2,'Gandhanra Antique T','13.jpg','This is collect from Tibet, a old badge or pandent, made of thokcha (Cold Iron or meteoric iron) This Garuda was collected from Yaqing Monastery Baiyu District, Tibet, it a handmade badge, amulet, made of bronze, about 80 years old. You can wear it as an amulet pendant, Or as a wall decoration, hang on the door as a protector, or simply place it on your desk as a decoration.'),
    (2,'Iron Handmade ','14.jpg','Bring goodluck and ward off all your Vighnas with this auspious wall hanging having lord Ganesha.Close-fitting is a fabric that is sold and bought at a very cheap price, but if we know how to combine them, it will create beautiful works of art.'),
    (2,'Handpainted metal ','15.jpg','Portuguese Barcelos rooster, Portuguese Home Decor, artistic metal handicraft, Hand Painted, Made in Portugal.Handicraft products - Handicraft are designed to meet practical use and most of them are decorative. Therefore, valuable handmade products require both skill and patience from artisans. Many handcrafted items use natural materials (mostly indigenous), while others are crafted from non-traditional materials such as recycled industrial materials (paper art or sculptures). glass engraving, for example…). Commonly found Handicraft materials are: natural fibres, fabric or leather; ceramic, stone, bone, glass; native wood or plants; paper; Metal…Through typical materials, Handicrafts – Handicraft is divided into many different shapes:'),
    (2,'iron motorcycle ','16.jpg','Motorcycle model trimmings Handmade iron material Each detail reflects the designers creativity, and uses nuts,The iron motorcycle model is an innovative product made from iron metal material. The special thing here is that the parts and details on these products are all very familiar things. It can even be considered a gift. It can be mentioned here as snails, ticks, chains, etc. Under the talented hands of artisan carpenters, what seemed inanimate, it turned into a unique and soulful product.'),
    (3,'Glass Utensils','17.jpg','Glass has been artistically used to create utensils that include wide array of dishes ranging from pans & bowls to trays & casseroles.Anchor Hocking offers timeless design and superior durability on a wide variety of glass bakeware items.Anchor Glass is a healthier choice over plastic: glass is durable, easy to clean, fully recyclable, does not discolor, retain odors, or leach chemicals into food.Anchor Glass Bakeware is microwave, pre-heated oven, refrigerator, freezer, and dishwasher safe and is tempered for maximum durability. Custard Cup Lids are BPA-free and top-rack dishwasher safe.The Oven Basics Bake Set is perfect for new homeowners and gift registries. '),
    (3,'Glass Votives','18.jpg','Adding a touch of class to the decor, glass votives are sure to leave the onlookers spellbound with their beauty.this is our special polished finish craft.Tealight candle holder can be used with regular votive candles, tea light candle, and flameless LED tea waxes< 1.5" in diameter.TEA LIGHTS CANDLES HOLDERS Suitable for various decoration: Gold votive candle holders for table is perfect for weddings, home decor, surprise parties, dinners ,Valentines day, Christmas, Halloween & various celebrations, creating romantic, warm and beautiful scenes. You can also choose to use mercury glass candle holders when celebrating birthday or outdoor vacations.MERCURY GOLD GLASS VOTIVES Safety use: Each mercury gold candle holder will be carefully packed, the thickened cup body and each small candle holders will be stored separately, no turbulence damage, make sure you receive a good gold votives candle holders, protect your safety. Thick vitreous wall and aggravating base prevent candle combustion to cause tea light holders to burst, affect your sweet moment.'),
    (3,'Glass Bowls','19.jpg','Glass bowls are hemispherical vessels used for holding food or fluids and may include ice cream bowls, soup bowls, fruit bowls among others.Glass is mainly made of sand, soda, and lime melted at a high temperature. Tempering or various additives gives you extra-strong and impact-resistant glass that in some cases can be taken straight from freezer to oven without cracking. A big benefit is how glass can be recycled over and over without the quality deteriorating. Also, a lot less energy is needed to melt recycled glass compared to new raw materials. Our goal is to eventually use only recycled glass in our range. '),
    (3,' Glass Inkpots','20.jpg','Ideally used for holding ink, glass inkpots are exquisite items created by the craftsmen in traditional designs and patterns.The great all-round solution for your fountain pen ink!Simply fill your own fountain pen or writing inks yourself.With our shapely ink glasses this is no problem. After filling, you label the glass with your self-designed label and the surprise is perfect.Use your new, personalised jewellery glasses for advertising purposes, as a gift idea or as a sales item for your business.The 30ml miniature glass with black plastic lid is perfect to keep your valuables in a safe place.'),
    (3,'Glass Jars','21.jpg','Designed to perfection, the highly elegant glass jars depict exquisite craftsmanship and are ideally used for holding a variety of thing.For a touch of elegance, you can store flour, sugar, pasta and other staples on your kitchen counter-top in a beautiful Anchor Hocking Glass Heritage Jar. It is also ideal for keeping food items in your pantry neatly organized. This glass jar features an attractive design with a sturdy lid accented with a knob-style handle on top for easy use. It has a durable structure that can withstand exposure to the refrigerator or freezer and is also dishwasher safe. Pair this 1-gallon Heritage jar with other pieces in the collection, such as jars for candy and crackers as well as sets that can be used for canning (sold separately). The classic style and neutral appearance will fit in well with any color scheme or decor in the kitchen, so it can be displayed proudly no matter how many times you update the room. The Anchor Hocking Glass Heritage Jar is the ideal storage solution for a variety of items that are used in the kitchen.'),
    (3,'Perfume Bottles','22.jpg','Used for storing pleasing perfumes, glass perfume bottles are stunning pieces of art available in eye-catching designs.PACKAGE AND CAPACITY -- 1Piece vintage empty clear crystal; perfume bottle. Capacity : 3ml. Size : 3.3*1.6in;Nw:100g/pcs.The retro empty perfume bottle is made of high quality k9 crystal and metal. Lightweight and durable, looks elegant and luxury.Suitable for travel, holiday and go out.The cap of the perfume bottle is tight and well sealed, so the perfume will not evaporate like other poorly made stoppers. The refillable bottle makes your fragrance lasting.The perfume bottle organizer is empty and refillable. This vintage refillable storage bottle is available for perfume, cologne, essential oils, air fresheners, floral water, DIY beauty products and any other mixtures liquid. Perfect elegant addition for your bathroom,vanity table, dressing tables, mirror tray display, bookshelf, etc.'),
    (3,'Glass Wine Sets','23.jpg','Charmingly designed glass wine sets, which include bar decanter, bar dish and bar goblets add a practical appeal to bar decor.6 PACK WINE GLASSWARE GIFT SET—15 fluid ounces for each cup, ideal for everyday use or entertaining;Best choice for family fancy dinner, corporate party, home bar,friends gathering, drinking night, holiday outdoor trip. Suggested wine category: Cabernet Sauvignon, Boudreaux, Merlot, Syrah, Zinfandel, Malbec, Barolo, Chardonnay, ViognierLead Free Premium Crystal Blown Glass- These classic and long-stemmed wine glasses are integrally formed,and laser cold cutting process technology are used for the glass mouth,the ultra-thin and smooth rim allows wine to enter the mouth smoothly,Crytal glass material is very thin and much more transparent that greatly enhanced the tasting and visual feast of any kind of red wine.'),
    (3,'Glass Flower Vases','24.jpg','Intricately carved in glass, the glass flower vases are specially used to display plants and flowers together and make exclusive gifts as decorative accents.Here at Vase Market, we know that not everyone is looking for grand lobby vases with color floral arrangements for their home. We can’t all be visionaries in the world of interior design, but we understand that part of the fun of decorating comes from recognizing how the joy, warmth, and comfort of being home can always be found in the elegance of just a few, simple ornaments. The beauty of a glass bud vase lies in its playful modesty, in terms of both size and design. Typically, these types of glass bud vases for sale are narrower and/or shallower and made to hold only a few flower stems or a single short flower bud (hence the name). There is no doubt that the glass bud vase, in its own quaint and quiet way, is an excellent choice if the words “less is more” epitomizes your style as a homemaker or decorator. You won’t find a more versatile decoration than our glass bud vases for sale.'),
    (3,'Glass Goblets','25.jpg','A must-haves for all bars, homes or hotels, glass goblets have sleek and sophisticated designs and are appreciated worldwide for design and functional features Designed with durable, heavy glass, phthalate, BPA, and lead free, make them healthy for durable daily useAll-purpose glass works equally well with iced tea, lemonade or sangria; durable and dishwasher safe for quick, easy cleanupTraditional shape designed for water glass table setting, perfect for party hosting and entertainingThis is a perfect party decoration or a great gift for any occasion, such as Christmas, Anniversary, Housewarming, Bridal Shower, and more'),
    (3,'Ice Buckets','26.jpg','Glass ice buckets serve as excellent items for chilling champagne or ice storage and are great additions to beverage service.Stainless Steel Material: It is made of stainless steel, improves resistance to damage and rust for long term use.which can keep ice frozen for several hours, keeping drinks (wine or champagne) and fruits cool. Leak-proof design, drinks will stay cool all night long. Not easy to rust. The ice box is the perfect complement to any social event.Large capacity: Depending on the amount of ice in the bucket, fill 10 to 12 large bottles or 15 to 18 small bottles. It is easy to carry, very suitable for families, parties, barbecues, picnics, parties, bars, clubs, restaurants and some outdoor activities.Sturdy Handles: The sturdy handle makes the ice bucket easy to carry, so you can lift it by yourself or with two people depending on the weight of the ice, and the handle is sturdy and integral to the bucket, so it wont break easily.'),
    (4,'Oil Burners','27.jpg','Designed to perfection, oil burners are an elegant source of lighting that artistically created using iron and add immense beauty to the corners Ceramic oil burner made from stunning Australian stoneware clay. Our oil burners are available in 3 different bases with 6 dish colours to choose from ~ you’re guaranteed to find a match to suit your style and home perfectly.Included with this oil burner is a re-usable, 100% recycled, Australian-made tealight tin and Australian organic beeswax tealight (with an amazing burn time of 7.5 to 8 hours). Choose from the dropdown menu if you would like to add any additional beeswax candle re-fills (also sold separately here).'),
    (4,'Garden Urns','28.jpg','Garden urns created out of aluminium have perplexing carvings along with splendid designs and have are quite in vogue.Paddington urn in cast limestone has wonderful classic shape and proportions; a nice versatile size with good planting space. Shown here with the Ribbon Pedestal.This piece will age beautifully over time, or get a head start with our hand staining process that "weathers" a new piece.Urna in Latin means a pot, jar, or vessel. Urns as garden ornaments are stately, classical, and can be made in many different materials. They are perfect alone or in pairs and can be left empty or filled with plants and greens. '),
    (4,'Aluminum Flower Vases','29.jpg','Aluminium flower vases create an eye-catching focal point when placed and are available in different sizes to fit all types of flowers. This Flower Vase will add décor to your Home or Table.Made with finest Recycled Aluminum.Every piece is individually handcrafted and hand polished.Other Candle Stand products are also available.This Products is Avialable In Rough Antique Copper Finish. We can Also Make In Other Finishes.Customized Sizes can Be Made As Per Customer Satisfaction.'),
    (4,'Garden Animals','30.jpg','Attractive garden animals created using aluminium make the garden look more natural and impart the complete feel of a landscape. Khi bạn trồng cây để lấy lương thực, bạn là một phần của cuộc cách mạng văn hóa đã có từ hơn 10.000 năm trước. Ngày nay nó có vẻ không mang tính cách mạng lắm, nhưng nông nghiệp đã giúp tổ tiên săn bắn và hái lượm của chúng ta gieo hạt giống của nền văn minh. Nó gần giống như loài người cuối cùng đã bắt đầu cai sữa khỏi vùng hoang dã.'),
    (4,'Wine Chillers','31.jpg','Depicting alluring styles and exquisite designs, brass wine chillers are often lacquered to prevent tarnishing.If you’re spending enough on wine that you want to protect your investment, you’re buying more bottles than you can drink in a month, or you want to age wines so their flavors evolve over time, a wine fridge is a worthy purchase. Proper storage will protect your bottles from the damaging effects of light, heat, temperature changes, and movement, so the wine will taste as deeply complex and aromatic as possible whenever you decide to pop open a bottle.'),
    (4,'Table Candle Holders','32.jpg','Artists who make table candle holders made of brass have drawn inspiration from the traditional designs, while keeping in mind the trends, in vogue. This metal candle holder with sleek design, which combines elegant concept with nordic style; The visual effect of the high and low undulating candlelight gives you a visual enjoyment.The candlestick is made of high-quality metal and has been painted so that it does not rust easily; Each candle holder has a sturdy round base, prevent scratching and slidingSIZE - S: 8.5x16.5cm/3.35x6.50inch; L: 8.5x22cm/3.35x8.66inchPerfect for taper candle apply to most type of candle in general. Designed to fit any standard sized taper candles. A noble piece at your house in simple decorative style.Ornaments for birthday, wedding, candlelight dinner, commemoration, housewarming gift, and a perfect decor for dining room, living room, parlor, study and bar, etc.'),
    (4,'Hooks','33.jpg','Stylish brass hooks are perfect for hanging a variety of things and are available in different finishes and designs. Planning to put a little more muscle on your fish? Gamakatsu’s 2x Strong Round Bend Treble Hook was designed to handle hard-charging, hard fighting fish that test every piece of equipment you’re using. The 2x Strong Round Bend Treble Hook is perfect for Stripers or Peacock bass. A stout hook for tough fish.'),
    (4,'Mirror Frames','34.jpg','Glorifying the cultural richness, brass mirror frames are aesthetically adored for intricate craftsmanship.Our townhouse is the definition of “has good bones, but needs a lot of help cosmetically.” We knew that when we moved in and have been working on transforming the entire house one room at a time. I’m thrilled to say that we’ve finally made it to my little haven, our primary bedroom.When we first started working on our primary bedroom, one project I knew I wanted to complete was framing in the vanity mirror. It’s a fairly simple project, so I was excited to make a big impact without a huge amount of work. '),
    (5,'Votive Candle Holders','35.jpg','Votive candle holders made of brass hold candles that express or symbolize a wish, desire or vow and provide immense elegance to the decor. Votive candles bring a bit of extra twinkle to any tablescape, but they add some unique holiday spirit when they’re displayed in these candle holders surrounded by Diamond In-Shell Mixed Nuts.'),
    (5,'Key Rings','36.jpg','Gifts with an unmatched regality, brass key rings are perfect accessories to hold the keys in style.DURABLE MATERIAL: Made of ultra strong with silver-toned nickel metal, durable and firm.Color:silver. Type Design: Flat ring. Great workmanship with the ring, smooth surface and edge, will not scratch your hands and stuffs.SIZE: Ring Diameter 1inch / 25mm. CONTENT: It includes 100pcs key ringsGREAT FOR DIY: Its practial for making key ring pendant,bags pendant and other accesspries. You can use your imagination to DIY your own keychain, make pendant for phone, bag, purse,etc.EASY TO USE: Easy and convenient to carry.'),
    (5,'Paper Clips','37.jpg','Paper clips are ecstatic mementos richly handcrafted in sparkling brass and add immense sophistication to adorn the study. Incepted in the year 1981, Sonal Stationery is a distinguished wholesaler, trader and retailer offering an enormous consignment of Writing Notebooks, Files Box, Digital Calculator, Blank Disc, Color Papers, Writing Pencils, Color Envelope, Classic Scissors, Color Markers and much more. Immensely acclaimed in the industry owing to their preciseness, these are presented by us in standard and modified forms to our clients. To add, only optimum class material is utilized in their production. These presented by us in various provisions, these are inspected sternly to retain their optimum quality.'),
    (5,'Ice Tongs','38.jpg','Adding value and class to the evening drinks, brass ice tongs accentuate the enjoyment with their elegance. ❄️【DURABLE METERIAL, EASY ON YOUR HAND】HINMAY ice tongs are made from a 18/8 (304) corrosion resistant stainless steel for unbeatable strength and premium construction, rust resistant, safe for years of using and easy to handle!PERFECT GRIP TEETH】 With the sawteeth of edge for tightly clamping, you can easily grip up a slippery and wet ice cube firmly. Also, you can use them as sugar tongs or food serving tongs which are functional【MULTI-PURPOSE USAGES】Great for ice cube, sugar cube, lemon slice, jelly, cookie, marshmallows, shredded cheese, grated carrots, crescent rolls, hashbrowns, bacon, jam, soft cheese, olives or pickle slices, etc. Serving tea, coffee, breakfast, party, various activities'),
    (5,'Brass Napkin Rings','39.jpg','Beautiful designs in various shapes and patterns are created to adorn the brass napkin rings made to look new for a long time. The warmth & beauty of antique brass make our napkin rings stand out. Hand hammered so each piece is unique, they coordinate with a range of linens & dinnerware. The stainless-steel rings are machine shaped, then antiqued by hand for a brilliant shimmer that makes any occasion shine.'),
    (5,'Crystal Napkin Rings','40.jpg','Certain napkin rings are made specifically to be gifted or used on specific occasions, brass napkin rings being one of them.Napkin rings measures 2 inches square by 1 inch thickness. Center: 1.5 inch diameter opening.Made of high purity crystal, ensure top durability and easy, safe cleaning.Perfect ideals for wedding party, engagement, baby shower, graduation party, banquet, holidays or everyday dinners.rystal artwork in deluxe packing, perfect gift on Thanksgiving, Christmas, on a wedding and so on.Each napkin holder is produced by hand with great care for incomparable level of quality, 100% refund guarantee!'),
    (5,'Silver Finish Napkin Rings','41.jpg','Brass napkin rings crafted with unique silver finish are in vogue and look graceful.A highly polished plain one inch wide Hallmarked Silver Napkin Ring with a rolled edge. This is the most popular of the silver napkin rings that we sell and they are all made in our own factory. Our silver napkin rings and presented in satin lined gift boxes as either single items or in boxed sets and there is nothing else to pay as free delivery is included in our price. We can supply wooden leatherette presentation cases as an option. Please contact us for details. Width of silver napkin ring = 25mm. '),
    (5,'Magnifying Lens','42.jpg','Time to be smart and stylish using the sophisticated magnifying lens that is crafted to perfection Package Includes:1 x Handheld 10X Magnifier GlassProduct Description:1 x Handheld 10X Magnifier GlassThis magnifying glass is the ideal tool for home, office and travelGreat for reading, close inspection if items like hallmarks, stamps, coins, etc.Compact and lightweight designMagnification: 10 XMaterial: High-quality metal, optical glass lensesAccessory ONLY? WARNING: This product can expose you to chemicals including DEHP, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to P65Warnings.ca.gov.Product names are trademark of listed manufacturer or other owners, and are not trademarks of Insten Fulfillment. The manufacturer does not necessarily endorse use of these products.'),
    (5,'Brass Goblets','43.jpg','The design and finish of brass goblets reflects utmost care and perfection and are created using sophisticated patterns and styles.These are a mix of styles, sizes, and shades of brass. Some are smaller cordial glasses as well. These are best use for specialty cocktails and wine, not really large enough to sustain as a water glass.Rented in increments of 5 | Cart price will be submitted as $0 so that we can confirm availability. Please submit your preferred quantity and we will respond with availability a formal quote. Items are only available for local pick-up. We do not ship'),
    (5,'Wine Chillers','44.jpg','Depicting alluring styles and exquisite designs, brass wine chillers are often lacquered to prevent tarnishing. If you’re spending enough on wine that you want to protect your investment, you’re buying more bottles than you can drink in a month, or you want to age wines so their flavors evolve over time, a wine fridge is a worthy purchase. Proper storage will protect your bottles from the damaging effects of light, heat, temperature changes, and movement, so the wine will taste as deeply complex and aromatic as possible whenever you decide to pop open a bottle.'),
    (5,'Hurricane Lamps','45.jpg','Hurricane lamps are skillfully chiseled out in iron and are highly appraised and demanded by the lovers of art as charming decorative pieces. This classic lamp has been made by the same German company, Feuerhand, for over ninety years. There are many cheaper versions available, but  this is a superior product by far. It has been hot tinned to protect it against rust, although we would not recommend that you leave it outside for too long. These lamps are great for summer evenings or power cuts! '),
    (5,'Table Candle Holders','46.jpg','Artists who make table candle holders made of brass have drawn inspiration from the traditional designs, while keeping in mind the trends, in vogue. This metal candle holder with sleek design, which combines elegant concept with nordic style; The visual effect of the high and low undulating candlelight gives you a visual enjoyment. The candlestick is made of high-quality metal and has been painted so that it does not rust easily; Each candle holder has a sturdy round base, prevent scratching and slidingPerfect for taper candle apply to most type of candle in general. Designed to fit any standard sized taper candles. A noble piece at your house in simple decorative style.Ornaments for birthday, wedding, candlelight dinner, commemoration, housewarming gift, and a perfect decor for dining room, living room, parlor, study and bar, etc.'),
    (6,'Candle Holders','47.jpg','Artistically magnificent candle holders offer the light of magic and brightness to the decor and are gifts to be cherished forever.Our candle pillar holder set of 3 makes a cozy atmosphere at home and unlike others, ours have removable spikes for flameless LED candles; CA Title IV tested and certified; Note that this is a handmade product with natural materials and there is some variation in shades Each tall wooden candle holders pillar is made from sustainable mango wood; Choose from a variety of colors to match your farmhouse decor With 3 felt pads at the bottom, our sturdy and lightweight wood pillar candle holders stand straight evenly as centerpiece on any table or fireplace mantel'),
    (6,' Wall Sconces','48.jpg','An ecstatic collection of wall sconces are perfect representations of gracious beauty to adorn the interiors. The Ali collection brings classic lines and subtle details to create timeless fixtures that make a simple yet stylish impression. The Ali sconce combines classic lines and subtle details with a clean shade for a truly updated look. From its simple, elongated stem to the stepped backplate, Ali is continuous style. Its timeless, elegant, and versatile.'),
    (6,'Hurricane Lamps','49.jpg','Hurricane lamps are skillfully chiseled out in iron and are highly appraised and demanded by the lovers of art as charming decorative pieces.Always in style, hurricane lamps are one of the most versatile design accessories. The soft glow of a flame through glass adds a twinkle of light in dark corners and can be used indoors or outdoors. Use them as table centerpieces, outdoor lanterns or living space accessories. They add charm to a decor whether they’re grouped together or stand on their own. Pretty and practical, fuel-burning or candle hurricane lamps can come in very handy in case of a power outage.'),
    (6,'Picture Frames','50.jpg','Exquisitely hand crafted iron picture frames have designs and patterns that shall render the onlooker spellbound with the distinct elegance. This frame is ideal to use with ALFTA adhesive hook. With the hook you can easily hang the frame without nails or screws and decorate your walls with pictures.Can be used hanging or standing, both horizontally and vertically, to fit in the space available.The mat is acid-free and will not discolor the picture.Front protection in plastic makes the frame safer to use.'),
    (6,'Statues','51.jpg','Brass statues exemplify artistic excellence depicting traditional designs that lend the object a rich effect. In the classical world, large-scale, freestanding statues were among the most highly valued and thoughtfully positioned works of art. Sculpted in the round, and commonly made of bronze or stone, statues embodied human, divine, and mythological beings, as well as animals. Our understanding of where and how they were displayed relies on references in ancient texts and inscriptions, and images on coins, reliefs, vases (08.258.25; 06.1021.230), and wall paintings (03.14.13), as well as on the archaeological remains of monuments and sites. Even in the most carefully excavated and well-preserved locations, bases usually survive without their corresponding statues; dispersed fragments of heads and bodies provide little indication of the visual spectacle of which they once formed a part. Numerous statues exhibited at the Metropolitan Museum, for example, have known histories of display in old European collections, but their ancient contexts can only be conjectured'),
    (6,'Lamp Bases','52.jpg','Lamp bases made of iron are available in a plethora of designs and patterns and bring about a touch of class and sophistication to the lams as well as the corners.On an incandescent light bulb, the component that supplies electrical current is called a “base”. There are several types of foot lamps, and each has a specific application. It is therefore vital to select the light bulb that corresponds to your needs. Indeed, many lamps have their own unique base. This prevents their use in a luminaire that may have a higher wattage, distribute intense heat, and even become a fire hazard. Let’s learn more about lamp bases, which come in all shapes and sizes. '),
    (6,'Mirror Frames','53.jpg','Glorifying the cultural richness, brass mirror frames are aesthetically adored for intricate craftsmanship.Mirrors add interest and dimension to any room—plus they reflect light to make your space look larger and brighter. The only thing not to love about mirrors? They can be really expensive. These DIY mirror frame ideas will turn any plain mirror into a gorgeous statement piece without breaking the bank. From antique-inspired to modern and industrial, check out these DIY mirror frame tutorials that will elevate your space.'),
    (6,'Glass Jars','54.jpg','Designed to perfection, the highly elegant glass jars depict exquisite craftsmanship and are ideally used for holding a variety of thing.16 oz Mayo Jars with a continuous thread finish. This pint glass jar is a very popular container for jam, jelly, BBQ sauces, pickled vegetables, and other delicious canned goods. This jar features a standard-size or regular mouth Mason jar opening. These glass jars can be used in a hot fill process (with the standard plastisol or two piece lids) or water bath canning with HI-Heat or two piece canning lids. Also great for candles. This jar fits any of the closures under the Accessories tab. Explore our selection of jars used for canning, crafts, gifts, and more. Jars are sold by the case, pallet, or truckload. Buy in bulk and save even more! Lids are sold separately.'),
	(6,'Wooden Boxes','55.jpg','Chiseled out of exotic wood, wooden boxes often have intricate carvings and are inlaid with beautiful designs.Exterior box dimensions measure 5.875 inches long, 2 inches high, and 3.8 inches deep. Interior box dimensions measure 5.5 inches long, 1.5 inches high, and 3.25 inches deepUNFINISHED WOOD BOXES ARE WELL BUILT - These boxes are sturdy and do not come apart easily8 PK WOODEN BOXES BULK ARE GREAT VALUE - Get a set of 8 chests or boxes that will be more than enough for your crafting projects or bridal eventsHIGH QUALITY UNFINISHED WOODEN BOXES - Made from light weight wood that takes paints stains and finishes easily and are sturdy and durable'),
	(6,'Stocking Holder','56.jpg','These metal stocking holders are fabricated in various imaginative designs to create a pleasant surroundings on Christmas festival.Our rustic steel plate mounted hook is perfect for hanging your Christmas Stockings! Available in three finishes, the hook is 1 inch wide and made from ¼” thick locally sourced raw steel. The plate that the hook is welded to is made from 1/2" steel and is 4x4. Please see below for care instructions.'),
	(6,'Wooden Cupboards','57.jpg','Attractive and ornate, decorative wooden cupboards are designed to excel and come in various styles with varying designs, finishes and shapes Product Dimensions(In Inch): Length 58 X Width 22 X Height 70Primary Material: Sheesham Wood | Secondary Material: Solid MDF/Plywood Depending On Availability | Product Name: Wooden Wordrobe For BedroomGive Your Home A Luxurious Look With Sheesham Wooden Wardrobe For Bedroom | Fits In Your Space, Fits On Your Budget.Assembly Or Installation Is Based On Diy (Do It Yourself) Basis.We Provide The Best Quality Products. Every Product Goes Through A Tough Quality Check To Ensure That We Can Serve Our Best Way. Only Made In India Products.');

create table artist(
id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
name varchar(350),
Biography text,
Career text,
Personality text,
Reviews text,
Honor text
);
insert into artist(name,Biography,Career,Personality,Reviews,Honor) values
('Trần Duy Mong','Vốn là người con của làng nghề kim hoàn Kế Môn (xã Điền Môn, huyện Phong Điền, tỉnh Thừa Thiên Huế), nghệ nhân Trần Duy Mong sinh ra và lớn lên trong một gia tộc có truyền thống về nghề kim hoàn. Nhờ đó, ông đã lĩnh hội được nghề của ông cha truyền lại và luôn tận tụy với nghề truyền thống.','Nghệ nhân Trần Duy Mong theo nghề kim hoàn từ năm lên 15 tuổi. Nhờ sự thông minh, nhanh nhẹn, kiên trì, ông đã thành công và vào nghề sớm hơn những người bạn nghề cùng trang lứa. Đến nay, sau 50 năm theo nghề, ông đã trở thành thợ có tay nghề cao (bậc 7/7) và nắm giữ nhiều kỹ năng, kỹ xảo trong lĩnh vực chế tác vàng, bạc, đá quý. Đồng thời, ông cũng tự thiết kế và trực tiếp làm ra nhiều sản phẩm đạt trình độ kỹ thuật, mỹ thuật, có giá trị kinh tế cao.','Nghệ nhân Trần Duy Mong cho biết, trong bối cảnh ngành công nghệ chế tác trang sức phát triển mạnh như hiện nay, nghề kim hoàn truyền thống phải chịu sức ép không hề nhỏ, nhưng ông tin rằng, với vẻ đẹp và sự độc đáo riêng có, kim hoàn truyền thống vẫn sẽ có chỗ đứng riêng nếu biết phát huy thế mạnh.','Với nỗi lòng đau đáu với nghề, nghệ nhân Trần Duy Mong đã phát triển thành công chuỗi cơ sở kinh doanh vàng, bạc, đá quý của mình, góp phần tạo cơ hội công ăn việc làm cho người dân, đào tạo nghề cho lớp thợ kế cận. Đặc biệt, ông đã dày công xây dựng cơ sở Tịnh Tâm kim cổ thành điểm đến tham quan, du lịch, mua bán kim hoàn lớn và độc đáo nhất ở miền Trung. Đến với Tịnh Tâm kim cổ du khách sẽ được chiêm ngưỡng hàng nghìn mẫu hàng trang sức bằng vàng, bạc, đá quý và nhiều mẫu hàng lưu niệm được chế tác tinh xảo bằng vàng, bạc, đồng…','Mặc dù là lão luyện trong nghề nhưng nghệ nhân Trần Duy Mong vẫn không ngừng học tập, rèn giũa nâng cao tay nghề, nhờ đó, ông liên tục giành nhiều giải thưởng lớn tại các kỳ thi uy tín. Trong đó, phải kể đến các tác phẩm điển hình như: "Hài Cung Đình Huế" - Giải Ba Hội thi Sản phẩm thủ công mỹ nghệ Việt Nam lần thứ VI năm 2009; "Quạt Cung Đình" - Giải Đồng tại Hội thi Sản phẩm thủ công mỹ nghệ làm hàng lưu niệm phục vụ du lịch - Huế 2008; "Châm Hoa Lạc Việt" - giải Ba tại Hội thi Sản phẩm thủ công mỹ nghệ làm hàng lưu niệm và quà tặng Huế 2010. Sản phẩm Tranh Đại nội Huế mạ vàng khung kính không gian 3D đạt giải Nhất tại Hội thi Sản phẩm quà tặng lưu niệm Huế năm 2016 do UBND TP. Huế tổ chức.'),
('Đỗ Văn Cường','Sinh ra trong một gia đình có nghề sản xuất thủ công mỹ nghệ truyền thống từ nhiều đời, do vậy, nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường, chủ Hộ Kinh doanh Đỗ Văn Cường tại làng Thiết Úng, xã Vân Hà, huyện Đông Anh, thành phố Hà Nội đã có hơn hai chục năm kinh nghiệm làm nghề chạm khắc gỗ mỹ nghệ truyền thống. Với bàn tay khéo léo, tài hoa, nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường đã cho ra đời hàng trăm tác phẩm điêu khắc từ gỗ.','Sinh ra trong một gia đình có nghề sản xuất thủ công mỹ nghệ truyền thống từ nhiều đời, do vậy, nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường, chủ Hộ Kinh doanh Đỗ Văn Cường tại làng Thiết Úng, xã Vân Hà, huyện Đông Anh, thành phố Hà Nội đã có hơn hai chục năm kinh nghiệm làm nghề chạm khắc gỗ mỹ nghệ truyền thống. Với bàn tay khéo léo, tài hoa, nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường đã cho ra đời hàng trăm tác phẩm điêu khắc từ gỗ.','Sinh ra trong một gia đình có nghề sản xuất thủ công mỹ nghệ truyền thống từ nhiều đời, do vậy, nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường, chủ Hộ Kinh doanh Đỗ Văn Cường tại làng Thiết Úng, xã Vân Hà, huyện Đông Anh, thành phố Hà Nội đã có hơn hai chục năm kinh nghiệm làm nghề chạm khắc gỗ mỹ nghệ truyền thống. Với bàn tay khéo léo, tài hoa, nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường đã cho ra đời hàng trăm tác phẩm điêu khắc từ gỗ.','Trong quá trình làm nghề, nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường đã tạo ra hàng trăm tác phẩm điêu khắc gỗ, tiêu biểu như các tác phẩm: Hoa sen mùa thu, lan hồ điệp, mít cảnh, cá cảnh, tê giác 1 sừng, lợn phú quý, đài nến hoa sen…','Hiện nay nhu cầu thị trường trang trí nội thất các sản phẩm từ gỗ ngày càng cao để đủ số lượng phục vụ người tiêu dùng, các sản phẩm thông dụng của nghệ nhân Đỗ Văn Cường bắt đầu được áp dụng công nghệ cao để sản xuất hàng loạt. Tuy nhiên, vẫn đảm bảo chất lượng và thẩm mỹ của từng sản phẩm.'),
('Nguyễn Duy Hưng','Nghệ nhân Nguyễn Duy Hưng, người thầy của hàng nghìn thợ kim hoàn đánh giá về nghề mà ông đeo đuổi nhiều năm qua như vậy. Ông Hưng sinh năm 1967, ngụ tại quận Phú Nhuận, TP. Hồ Chí Minh. Ông hiện là người thợ, đồng thời là người thầy có chuyên môn cao về chế tác được tất cả các dòng hàng nữ trang trên thị trường.','','','',''),
('Nguyễn Bá Châu','Nguyễn Bá Châu sinh năm 1962, quê ở xã Thiệu Trung (Thiệu Hóa), nơi nổi tiếng với làng nghề đúc đồng Trà Đông. Bố của ông cũng là người thợ đúc đồng có tiếng ở mảnh đất này. “Cha truyền con nối”, Nguyễn Bá Châu của ngày hôm nay cũng đã trở thành một Nghệ nhân Ưu tú (NNƯT) đúc đồng. Ông là niềm tự hào của xứ Thanh.','Năm 2000 là thời khắc đầy dấu ấn với NNƯT Nguyễn Bá Châu khi là người đầu tiên trong cả nước đã đúc thành công trống đồng bằng phương pháp thủ công truyền thống. Điều này, quá sức tưởng tượng của chính bản thân ông và nhiều người. Bởi lẽ, đúc trống đồng không dễ, ngay tại làng nghề cũng chưa có người thợ nào dám nghĩ đến. Còn riêng đối với Nguyễn Bá Châu, trước đó ông đã có vài lần thất bại khi đúc trống đồng bằng phương pháp thủ công truyền thống. Vậy nên, sự thành công này đã đánh dấu bước ngoặt quan trọng trong sự nghiệp đúc đồng của ông. NNƯT Nguyễn Bá Châu nhớ lại: “Khi còn sống, bố tôi có nói với tôi rằng, nghề này rất quý bởi chỉ từ than, củi, rơm, rạ, đồ phế liệu, đồng nát, qua bàn tay người lao động đều sẽ trở thành sản phẩm giá trị. Tôi trăn trở, nghe lời cụ dặn và bắt tay vào nghiên cứu. Năm 1998, tôi làm thí điểm về cái trống đồng của Việt Nam có cách đây từ mấy nghìn năm nhưng không thành công. Sau đó, tôi tiếp tục làm nhưng vẫn không thành. Tôi hơi chán nản vì thời điểm này, kinh tế rất khó khăn, không thành công nên thất thoát về tài chính là cả vấn đề. Rất may, tôi được sự động viên của gia đình nên đã đi tiếp”','Sự đi tiếp này đã mang lại thành công cho NNƯT Nguyễn Bá Châu. Như vậy, từ năm 1998-2000, ông đã làm cuộc chinh phục để cho ra đời chiếc trống đồng bằng phương pháp thủ công truyền thống đầu tiên với đường kính 15cm. Trong cuộc hành trình này, ông đã từng đặt chân đến các làng nghề đúc đồng từ Nam ra Bắc để học hỏi kinh nghiệm nhưng đáng tiếc những làng nghề này cũng không giúp được gì vì bấy giờ trong cả nước không ai biết đúc trống đồng. Ông ngậm ngùi quay về quê nhưng lòng thì vẫn nung nấu với trống đồng, với sự dang dở chưa thành. Và, thật kỳ diệu, ông đã làm nên kỳ tích.','21 năm qua, kể từ khi NNƯT Nguyễn Bá Châu đúc thành công chiếc trống đồng bằng phương pháp thủ công truyền thống đầu tiên ông cũng đã đúc thành công nhiều sản phẩm đồ đồng khác, trong đó chủ đạo vẫn là trống đồng. Những tác phẩm của ông đã được trưng bày ở nhiều nơi và phục vụ các sự kiện lớn trong nước...','Sau 21 năm, đã có đến 4 lần những tác phẩm của ông được Tổ chức kỷ lục Việt Nam xác lập kỷ lục mà gần đây nhất là vào năm 2018 với tác phẩm: Phiên bản trống đồng Ngọc Lũ bằng phương pháp thủ công truyền thống lớn nhất Việt Nam. Tác phẩm này hiện đang lưu giữ tại thị xã Long Khánh (Đồng Nai). Trong năm 2020, ông và những người thợ của mình cũng đã hoàn thành chiếc trống đồng phiên bản Ngọc Lũ lớn nhất từ trước đến nay với đường kính 2,45m, cao 1,77m và nặng 4 tấn. Tác phẩm đã được trưng bày chào mừng Đại hội Đại biểu Đảng bộ tỉnh lần thứ XIX vào tháng 10 - 2020 vừa qua.'),
('Đặng Ích Hoàn','Nghệ nhân ưu tú Đặng Ích Hoàn: Người có bàn tay tài hoa nghề đúc đồng Chè Đông LNV - Là một trong những người góp phần giữ gìn và phát huy giá trị nghề đúc đồng Chè Đông, Nghệ nhân ưu tú Đặng Ích Hoàn vẫn luôn trăn trở với việc truyền nghề cho thế hệ tiếp nối truyền thống của cha ông, đồng thời phát triển các sản phẩm chất lượng.','Hiện nay, hai người con trai của ông Hoàn là Đặng Quốc Phượng và Đặng Quốc Toàn lại tiếp tục kế thừa tinh hoa của gia đình. Đây cũng là những nghệ nhân trẻ tâm huyết với nghề. Anh Đặng Quốc Toàn đã từng đúc thành công chiếc trống đồng với đường kính 2m35, cao 1m86, nặng 7 tấn. Nghệ nhân Đặng Quốc Phượng cũng đúc thành công đôi súng thần công bằng chất liệu đồng lớn nhất Việt Nam.','Với đôi bàn tay tài ba và tâm huyết, nghệ nhân Đặng Ích Hoàn đã tạo ra hàng nghìn tác phẩm đưa đến tay khách hàng trong nước và quốc tế. Trong đó, năm 2022, sản phẩm mặt trống đồng Toàn Linh của gia đình nghệ nhân Đặng Ích Hoàn được UBND tỉnh Thanh Hóa công nhận là sản phẩm đạt chất lượng OCOP 4 sao. Mặt trống đồng được khắc họa tỉ mỉ những nét sinh hoạt kinh tế, xã hội, văn hóa Đông Sơn thời bấy giờ. Sản phẩm là món quà có ý nghĩa thể hiện nét văn hóa, văn minh của người Việt cổ, được dùng để trang trí trong nhiều không gian thể hiện sự tinh tế và sang trong. ','Theo Phó Chủ tịch UBND xã Thiệu Trung Đỗ Đức Thanh, qua bàn tay khéo léo, tài hoa, tỉ mỉ và sáng tạo của các thế hệ, những sản phẩm của làng nghề đúc đồng Trà Đông luôn được đánh giá cao cả về thẩm mỹ và chất lượng. Tuy nhiên, hiện việc quảng bá giới thiệu sản phẩm làng nghề ở quy mô lớn còn hạn chế. Vì vậy, thời gian tới, địa phương mong muốn đưa làng nghề phát triển theo định hướng mới, tiếp tục đầu tư, chỉnh trang và nâng cấp để phát triển làng nghề. ','UBND xã tạo điều kiện và động viên các hộ tạo ra sản phẩm mang giá trị truyền thống phục vụ khách du lịch, tham gia chương trình OCOP để làm sao đó sản phẩm mang tầm quốc tế, xuất khẩu ra nước ngoài. Địa phương cũng mong các cấp, các ngành tạo điều kiện cho làng nghề về huy động vốn, tạo hành lang pháp lý cho các hộ kinh doanh, doanh nghiệp, khuyến khích tăng việc làm, dạy nghề cho lao động địa phương, tham gia Chương trình OCOP cho các sản phẩm làng nghề được quảng bá sâu rộng hơn.'),
('Đặng Ích Hân','Nghệ nhân Đặng Ích Hân tâm sự, nhìn chung tất cả công đoạn đúc đồng đều quan trọng, quan trọng hơn tất cả là khâu kiểm tra chất lượng đồng nung, bởi lẽ, nếu không xem xét kỹ lưỡng chất lượng đồng nung thì sản phẩm làm ra sẽ kém chất lượng. Đối với khâu đổ vào khuôn, sau khi đồng nung chảy được thợ đổ vào khuôn, việc rót đồng nóng phải được làm bởi những người thợ có kinh nghiệm 3-5 năm, đây là bước đòi hỏi sự chuẩn xác và nhẹ nhàng. Cuối cùng là công đoạn làm bóng bề mặt, người thợ phải dùng giấy nhám, tỉ mỉ mài từng chỗ, có tác dụng làm sạch các mảng đất bám còn xót lại từ khung đúc và để sản phẩm được nổi rõ màu đồng và có độ bóng bắt mắt… Hơn 40 năm làm nghề đúc đồng, từng sản phẩm được làm ra ông đều theo dõi sát sao từng công đoạn, nếu công đoạn nào không hoàn hảo thì sẽ phải làm lại…','Nghề đúc đồng gắn với dòng họ ông Đặng Ích Hân từ nhiều đời, trong mấy người con, ông cũng đang truyền nghề lại cho cậu con trai có đam mê nhất, say mê gắn bó với nghề. Dù cơ ngơi chưa thực lớn nhưng cửa hàng trưng bày giới thiệu sản phẩm của gia đình ông cũng là một trong những cơ sở lớn trong làng nghề với nhiều lọai trống đồng, chiêng đồng và các sản phẩm trang trí, mỹ nghệ','Thế mạnh nhất của sơ sở đúc đồng gia Đặng Ích Hân là những sản phẩm trống đồng, cồng chiêng đồng của đồng bào các dân tộc Tây Nguyên, đồ đồng giả cổ. Theo ông Hân để làm được những đồ đồng giả cổ như thật (đây là một loại hình sản phẩm chứ không phải làm giả) đòi hỏi phải là người có kinh nghiệm, nghiên cứu nhiều năm và không phải người làm nghề nào cũng làm đc. Với những sản phẩm này, đôi khi có giá 10 – 20 triệu, nhưng cũng có những sản phẩm giá lên đến vài trăm triệu đồng…','Những sản phẩm gắn với tên tuổi của ông, như: Đúc Trống đồng, Súng thần công và Kiếm lệnh tại khu tưởng niệm Đại tướng Võ Nguyên Giáp, Đảo Yến, Vũng Chùa, Quảng Bình.- Năm 2013, Hội Khoa học lịch sử Việt Nam đã ghi nhận đã đóng góp kim ngân quý - Giọt đồng, hòa vào dòng chảy đúc trống đồng, súng thần công, kiếm đồng dâng tặng Khu tưởng niệm cố Đại tướng Võ Nguyên Giáp tại Quảng Bình- Năm 2016, nhận Bằng khen của Bộ Công Thương vì đã có thành tích xuất sắc trong việc khôi phục, bảo tồn và phát triển nghề đúc đồng truyền thống; Bộ Công Thương tặng Kỷ niệm chương “Vì sự nghiệp phát triển ngành Công Thương Việt Nam”; Hiệp hội Làng nghề Việt Nam phong tặng Bảng vàng Gia tộc và Nghệ nhân làng nghề Việt Nam; Bằng khen của Hội Di sản văn hóa Việt Nam vì đã có thành tích trong hoạt động bảo vệ và phát huy giá trị di sản văn hóa',''),
('Nguyễn Trần Hiệp','Sớm nhận thấy trách nhiệm của mình trong việc giữ “lửa” nghề truyền thống của quê hương Từ Sơn (Bắc Ninh), “chàng trai trẻ” Nguyễn Trần Hiệp khi đó đã ấp ủ giấc mơ làm giàu bằng chính chính những tác phẩm mỹ nghệ điêu khắc. Những tác phẩm được mài đục từ đôi bàn tay tài hoa của Nguyễn Trần Hiệp không chỉ nhận được sự đánh giá cao về giá trị nghệ thuật, giá trị tư tưởng mà chứa đựng trong đó cả những giá trị văn hóa, giá trị tâm linh Đông phương.','Chỉ với tài năng, niềm đam mê với điêu khắc, cùng với ý chí và nghị lực của tuổi trẻ, sau 8 năm “tầm sư học đạo”, hơn 10 năm gây dựng sự nghiệp, năm 2010, Nguyễn Trần Hiệp đã thành công và vinh dự được Hội Mỹ nghệ kim hoàn đá quý Việt Nam phong tặng danh hiệu Nghệ nhân quốc gia khi mới 37 tuổi. Hai năm sau, Nghệ nhân quốc gia Nguyễn Trần Hiệp được tỉnh Bắc Ninh phong tặng danh hiệu Nghệ nhân tỉnh Bắc Ninh. Đến nay, nghệ nhân Nguyễn Trần Hiệp đã trở thành nhà điêu khắc có tiếng, làm giàu chính đáng trên quê hương mình.','Nhớ lại những ngày đầu gây dựng sự nghiệp, nghệ nhân Nguyễn Trần Hiệp không khỏi bồi hồi. Ông đã mất rất nhiều đêm thức trắng suy nghĩ, làm sao để các sản phẩm được thị trường đón nhận. Sau đó, ông đã tìm ra hai phân khúc khách hàng chủ đạo. Phân khúc thứ nhất, là nhóm khách du lịch vào Việt Nam, là những sản phẩm mỹ nghệ nhỏ, làm quà lưu niệm. Phân khúc thứ hai là chủ đạo, các sản phẩm được sản xuất phục vụ cho việc xuất khẩu. Nhờ sự quyết đoán như vậy, ông Nguyễn Trần Hiệp đã thành công và mở rộng mô hình sản xuất đồ gỗ mỹ nghệ Hiệp Thắng của mình.','bằng sự kiên trì và lòng đam mê nghệ thuật, với bàn tay tài hoa của mình, mỗi tác phẩm của ông đều được “thai nghén”, ra đời mang đậm giá trị văn hoá, sự tinh tế và giá trị kinh tế cao. Trong đó, phải kể đến tác phẩm chào mừng 1.000 năm Thăng Long - Hà Nội mang tên “Âm hưởng Thăng Long”, bằng chất liệu gỗ mun vân hoa. Tác phẩm hoàn thành được Chủ tịch Hội Mỹ nghệ kim hoàn đá quý Việt Nam đánh giá rất cao về ý tưởng. Tác phẩm tôn vinh khí thế hào hùng của dân tộc, mang hào khí Thăng Long, tô đậm quá trình hình thành và phát triển của Kinh đô Thăng Long xuyên suốt chiều dài lịch sử 1000 năm. Gần đây nhất, nghệ nhân Nguyễn Trần Hiệp lại vinh dự đạt giải Xuất sắc do Tổng liên Đoàn lao động Việt Nam trao tặng năm 2018, cho tác phẩm điêu khắc gỗ nghệ thuật “Kê, ngưu tương phùng”.','Nỗ lực không ngừng, biến tài năng thành động lực, bước từng bước kiên định, nghệ nhân Nguyễn Trần Hiệp đã và đang góp phần tích cực vào việc bảo tồn phát huy những giá trị tinh hoa nghề truyền thống của dân tộc. Đồng thời, từ tấm gương vượt khó làm giàu của nghệ nhân Nguyễn Trần Hiệp, cũng khẳng định rằng mỗi người đều có rất nhiều con đường để lập nghiệp, nhưng chỉ có một con đường dẫn tới thành công đó là bằng sức lao động chân chính, nhiệt huyết và trí tuệ của tuổi trẻ.')
;

create table contact(
Id int PRIMARY KEY AUTO_INCREMENT,
Name varchar(30),
Email varchar(150),
Phone varchar(20),
Note varchar(500)
);

select * from product;
select * from category;

drop table admin;
drop table user;
drop table category;
drop table product;
drop table artist;
drop table contact;
drop database Handicrafts;








